Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Does your head hurt, cause you just fell from heaven
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got FINE written all over you.
I’m studying to become a historian. I’m especially interested in finding a date.
Are you a loan? Because you sure have my interest!
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.
Are you an exam? Because I have been studying you like crazy.
Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.
Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?
Do you have a shovel? Because I’m digging you.
Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and I want s’more.
Does your name start with “C” because I can “C” us together.
If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
I think you’re suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
Someone should call the police because you just stole my heart!
Did you get those pants for 50 percent off? They’re 100 percent off at my place.
Are you a raisin? Cause you’re raising my hopes for a kiss right about now.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pick-up line.
If being in love was illegal, I would want to be your partner in crime.
Your lips look lonely. Wanna introduce them to mine?
Life without you is like a broken pencil. Pointless.
Let’s get together and be the number Pi, endless and irrational.
It’s not my fault I fell in love, you’re the one that tripped.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but I think you want to go out with me.
Are you a light switch? Because you really turn me on.
Those look like quality pants; do you mind if I take them off?
I’m having trouble sleeping by myself, can you sleep with me?
Is there a mirror in your pocket? Because I swear I can see myself in your pants.
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.
Are you a ghost pepper, because you are hot!
I’m going for a walk. Would you mind holding my hand?
Are you a pie? Because I’d like a piece of you.
Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
Are you a library book, cause I am checking you out.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can’t take them off you.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
People call me [name], but you can call me tonight.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you.
Can I follow you where you’re going right now? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
You look great right now. Do you know what else would look great on you? Me!
Your hand looks heavy. I can hold it for you!
Would you touch my hand so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
I love my bed, but I’d rather be in yours.
Did you know I am a roller coaster, cause I will make you scream when you ride me.
Are you an elevator? Because I’ll go up and down on you.
Want to save water by showering together?
I’m an adventurer and I want to explore you.
Do you have room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
I’m not a dentist, but I bet I could give you a filling.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I’ve got a large bone for you to examine.
If I were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
Did you just come out of the oven? You’re too hot to handle.
Are you Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
I wish my pillow was as huggable as you.
You’re so beautiful that tou made me forget my pickup line.
If you don’t want to have kids with me, then why don’t we just practice
Hi, I’m an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus
Do you know what would look good on you? Me
Were you arrested earlier? It’s gotta be illegal to look that good
Hey baby, you must be a light switch, cause every time I see you, you turn me on
Do I know you from somewhere? Because I don’t recognize you with your clothes on
If I flip a coin, what do you reckon my chances are of getting head?
Hey I’m looking for a treasure, Can I look around your chest?

dinner didn’t fill me up, can you?
I’m running out of pickup lines so instead of picking you up I’ll pin you down instead
I can’t sleep right now because I’m too busy wishing I was sleeping with you
You’re so hot my zipper is falling for you
are you a sea lion? Cause I can sea you lion on my bed tonight
I’d love to take u to the museum on a date but I wouldn’t be able to look at all the artwork cause the most beautiful one is on a date with me
I wonder why astronauts need to go to space just to see the world cause I can see mine just by looking at you