you suck
shut up dumbass
you look like someone photoshopped a monkey face onto a horse
I care more about dead snails than I do about you
you are so ugly you turned medusa into stone
toilets feel jealous cause of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth
girlfriend.... a dream, so blissful. It must hurt to know you will never get one
you are what you eat. potato
you have the brain capacity of a dead ant
I don't roast trash
When I look at you, I wish I could meet you again for the first time… and walk past.
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once, but you… you are abusing that privilege.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would simply jump from your ego to your IQ.
Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people.
I would make a joke, but your parents beat me to it.
Your face is the best contraceptive
Sorry, I can’t think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
It would be a great day If you used a glue stick instead of Chapstick.
You must have been born on the highway, cause that's where most accidents happen.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
Your brain is so empty it makes the void cry.
Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people
You're the sole reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're impossible to underestimate.
Of course, I talk like an idiot...it's so you can understand!
You are the book definition of stupid
Seriously!? You were the sperm that won?
I cannot tell which is smaller, your brain? or the chances of you getting laid?
If I had a penny everytime you acted stupid, I would quit my job.
When I look at you, I wish I could meet you again for the first time… and walk past
There is someone out there for everyone. For you, it’s a therapist.
I would smack you, but I’m against animal abuse.
Whoever told you to be yourself, gave you a bad advice.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it works
I told my therapist about you; she didn’t believe me.
Aren't you just a handjob gone wrong?
Too much chlorine in the old gene pool, eh?
I envy people who don't know you.
Somewhere there is a tree that its sole purpose is to replace the oxygen you waste, go find it and apologize